Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- Hey. Pete.
check the GPS. what's that thing called?
- It's not on there.
As far as the GPS is concerned.
this location doesn't exist.
- That that is so weird
and intriguing. I might add.
- Okay.
Look. all in favor of not
exploring this super creepy.
non-existent haunted house.
Say I.
- I.
- What?
Whitney. you wanted to
go on this adventure
more than anyone.
Are you telling me. you are
not the least bit curious?
- I am sure it's gonna be fine.
We'll stick together. large groups.
safety in numbers. all that.
- They teach you that in Girl Scouts. Liz?
- Knock it off. Alex. I'm game.
Don't get too excited. Lily.
chances are we won't see a thing.
10 minutes of walking through here.
you'll be bored to tears.
- Huh.
Well. who's with me?
Don't worry everybody.
my flashlight doubles as a taser.
Okay. this is creepy.
Maybe. maybe. we'll see a ghost.
The ghost of Michael Jackson.
Oh my God. shut up.
My gosh.
So creepy. I love it.
If anybody jumps out.
I'm gonna hit him over the head.
Oh. this is so creepy. I love it.
We're all gonna die.
Speak for yourself. Girl Scout.
Hey guys. are you
sure we should be doing this?
You're not afraid. are you?
Of course. I'm afraid.
What's there to be afraid of.
It's just an old empty house.
That's exactly
why we should be afraid.
It never just an old empty house.
Guys. has anyone noticed
that Peter and Cody
aren't with us anymore?
I'm they'll catch up.
Fraidy cats taking up the rear as usual.
Oh my God. who's that?
Who is that?
Hello. what's your name?
Don't talk
to her. she's a ghost.
Gotta find her.
- No.
- Gotta find her.
- No. don't go in there.
Whitney.
It's gonna be okay guys.
It's not gonna be okay.
Ghosts are gonna kill us.
Okay. this probably
wasn't such a good idea. after all.
I'm partially to blame.
Partially.
Hurry up and find the light switch.
I can't believe we saw a ghost.
What were you expect to see?
I don't know.
Maybe like bugs or rats or something.
Maybe Michael Jackson.
I wanna go home.
Lily. I wanna go home.
Shh. just stay with me.
Why can't we ever
run into friendly ghosts?
Oh my God.
What happened to the lights.
Oh no. not again. no.
Alex. don't go. don't go.
Alex. are you okay?
- [Alex[ I'm Fine.
What happened?
Nothing. nothing. I'm fine.
If the sign
says. keep out. guys.
I've learned. you probably should.
Tell me. Liz.
what would the Girl Scouts
do in this situation?
Guys.
Guys. this isn't funny.
- Hey you.
- Hey.
- I am not approachable right now.
I just ran and I'm super sweaty.
- Oh. whatever.
I haven't shaved in four days.
So what's up.
Sorry. I got your message.
I could have come picked you up if.
- No. it's okay.
I actually like to jog.
It helps when my mind is racing
and just helps clear my mind.
Car rides don't really
do that for me as much.
- Yeah. well. sounds like
you got a lot on your mind.
- I would just like to keep
this between me and you.
As much as I know and respect
the guys on your team.
I just would like to out a little bit more
and keep it on the DL.
I don't wanna cry wolf too soon.
If that's okay.
- Of course. babe. what's up?
- So my sister has been
missing for two days.
She left Friday morning
to go to a sleepover at her friend's house
before the Taylor Swift
concert on Saturday.
And that's the last I heard from her.
- I see.
And I'm sure you talked to this.
whatever best friend and her family.
- Yeah.
Three hours after Lily arrived.
her and Alex went to
go grab a bite to eat.
their friend. Liz. her mom. Debbie.
owns that diner on the outskirts of town.
Liz said that they
actually FaceTimed her mom
while they were sitting at
a booth at the restaurant.
But Deb said that they never showed up.
- Go on.
- Alex's mom said that she
tried to get in touch with Alex.
but to no avail.
So that's when she called the police.
This would be the third time
that my sister has tried
to run away from home.
She got involved with this guy
that my mom did not approve of.
And he actually talked her
into running away twice.
So. Alex is the only one
that my mom lets Lily
hang out with anymore.
And the police say that Alex
might actually be the one
that talked Lily into running away again.
Alex's mom doesn't think so.
And the police tried to assure me
that White County is
the safest in the state.
There's never been any
kind of sex trafficking
or there hasn't been an abduction
in 22 years or something
like that. oh gosh.
The police said that
they'll keep an eye out.
but that they think they'll
just show up when they want to.
- I'm sorry.
And obviously you think
that's not the case with her.
- Yeah. but. I seem to be
the only one who thinks so.
- Yeah.
Well it's been a long time
since I've had a case like this.
but you know. I'm in.
- Thank you.
- Of course.
- So where do we start?
Well. first off
we would need to start
by searching Lily's room.
anything that would indicate any plans
of where she might want to disappear to.
Same with Alex.
Facebook posts. Instagram. any
kind of social media hints.
diaries. if she kept one.
And we also need to find
out the name of this boy
that she had contact with.
Those are our first steps.
Perfect.
I believe mom said his name was Cody.
Any last name?
Evers. I think.
Oh. he has a sister that
has a place near here.
we can check with.
Cool. let's do some digging.
- They're always together.
They never get in trouble.
I just. I really have no reason
to think that something happened to them.
but it's been I three whole days.
- All right. so. you
said that your sisters
were with a group of friends.
including her sister. right?
- That's the impression I was under.
I mean. they were bored with life
and they wanted to go find some kicks.
So they went with her
sister and their friends
and off into the mysterious
beyonds. I don't know.
- This all doesn't make any sense.
- Okay. did your sisters
let you know by chance
where they were headed?
Okay. well. we do have some leads.
but it would be very helpful
if we knew the destination.
I'm sure you talked to
the police already. right?
- Yeah. they're investigating.
But I had no more to tell them
than I've already told you.
- Well. I mean. it's not much to go on.
but we're gonna do the best we can.
- Please let us know the
second you hear from them.
You bet.
Thank you.
- It's nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you.
- It was so nice to meet you.
I told you there was something to this.
Hey Mom. this is Joel.
- Ms. Decker. my name is Joel Townsend.
I work for the Sheriff's Department.
Jackie here just felt that
maybe I should come take
a look at the place.
- Well. I just finished a workout.
Come on in. let me change.
- Go ahead.
Thank you.
- I don't know what you expect to find.
The police have already
searched the whole room. but.
- Well. yeah. but they
probably weren't convinced
they needed to do a good job.
If I may?
- Go ahead.
I really hope she doesn't
come home this time.
I'm ready to whip her ass.
If she does. if she comes
home. I'm whipping her ass.
- You don't mean that. Mom.
- I know but.
I give her everything.
everything. everything I do.
I go to work every day.
I give her everything a
19-year-old girl could want.
And she's done this to me three times.
Why?
- I don't know. Mom.
I'm not sure what's going on.
but maybe it's different this time.
Let's just wait until we
find out what's going on
to get upset.
- Did you find anything?
Did you find anything?
- I'm not sure.
Thank you.
- Yeah. I'm sure.
he went out with her.
Geez. he's obsessed with that girl. okay.
- Are you sure they went out to dinner?
- Well. yeah. at least
that's what he told me.
- So the plan was for Cody and Lily
to go on a date together
with Alex tagging along.
- Yeah. that sounds kind of
third wheel. if you ask me.
- Well. I mean. from what I understand.
she asked her friend to come
along for the first time.
so it wasn't uncomfortable.
- Right. right. okay.
Okay. what kind of person
would you say your brother is?
- Well. he's kind of a wild kid.
Don't get me wrong.
I don't pretend to keep up with
all the ladies in his life.
That's his gig. it's not on my business.
but I mean. he is a good kid.
- All the ladies in his life?
- I mean. he's a pretty good looking guy.
Don't tell him I said that though.
- Well. where is Cody now?
- I don't know.
Probably still hanging out with that girl.
- Lily's missing.
And if they were together.
we were hoping you might
know where they were.
- Sure.
No. no. I haven't talked
to Cody since yesterday.
You guys are kind of
starting to worry me now.
- There's no need to worry.
No need to get upset.
We're just trying to cover
all bases at this point.
Okay. we really don't know what to do.
- If you do hear from Cody.
we would really appreciate it.
if you let us know as soon as possible.
- Yeah. of course.
- Will you also. let me
know if you hear from Lily?
- Of course. absolutely.
- Here you go. guys.
Are you sure that she said
she was here that night?
- The Instagram post says
the day and time it was taken
and was clearly here.
- That's weird.
The manager checked the
footage from that night
and she never came in.
Let me know if you guys
need anything else. okay.
- Of course. Chels. thanks.
Now what?
- Well. as far as I'm concerned.
there's only one thing left to do.
Well. tomorrow's another day.
- I know.
This is just so unlike her.
I mean. her and Mom didn't get in a fight.
as far as I'm aware.
and she played it safe by
going on that first date
with Alex being there.
I just don't get it.
That's all I can do. but assume the worst.
- Don't. don't. listen.
here's what we're gonna do.
tomorrow. we're gonna put
posters up all over the city
and of course we'll put
posts up on social media.
One of two things is gonna happen.
in a town this small. either
someone is going to find her
or she herself will see the posters
and know that you're looking for.
and then she'll contact you. all right.
Think positive.
- Yeah. I will.
- You. gonna be all right tonight?
- Yes. I'll be fine.
- All right.
- I'll text you in the morning.
- Okay.
Morning.
- Joel.
I think.
- What. what's wrong?
- I dunno. I think Lily might be dead.
- Okay. what are you basing this off of?
- I had a nightmare and I saw her
and I just have this really weird feeling
that something is really wrong.
Like. something or someone.
maybe even Lily herself.
is trying to tell me that she's dead.
- Okay.
Jackie.
I know that we've both been
under a lot of stress recently.
I'm just worried that
you're letting your mind
jump to conclusions that.
- Don't get all scientific on me here.
- Look. all I'm saying
is take it from someone
who knows psychology. okay.
You're letting your fear and
anxiety stir up your emotions
and your emotions are
compromising your mind
and causing your mind
to jump to conclusions
that go places that.
- I know what I saw.
- What you saw was the thing
that you're afraid of most.
your sister possibly be
dead. alone. not coming back.
I mean. let's be honest for just a second.
we don't have any evidence to
support that right now. do we?
Do we?
I mean. do we?
Okay.
All right. so just. let's just
try to think through this.
So I've already posted on
Facebook that she's missing.
Okay. so that's step number one.
When we're done with lunch here.
we're gonna go out throughout the city.
post all these photos
and these posters that I made last night
and these flyers all over town. all right.
We'll spend a few hours doing that
then we'll just sit back and wait.
I guarantee you. we should have an answer.
if not by the end of the day
today. the next couple of days.
Fair?
- Hello.
Hey.
Aha.
Okay.
Yeah.
So what's going on?
- Hang on.
Yeah. I'm back.
I'll just take a look at
this. like help me with.
Cody.
- About time you got here.
the guys are gonna be here any minute.
How do I look?
- Good. good. you look good.
I thought I just saw.
- Oh crap. are they here already?
- No. I thought I just saw my brother.
- Your brother?
Why the heck would he be here?
He's not. forget I said that.
It's no biggie.
- You're nervous. aren't you?
It's fine.
You just go get ready.
they'll be here in any minute.
Come on.
- Hello.
- Hey. it's me.
I don't know why I called.
I just. I was driving
over to my friend's house
and I thought I saw something.
- What?
- Cody.
- Where did you say you saw him again?
- Right over there.
- Nothing around here that I can see.
- I could have sworn he was there.
What was he doing?
- Just staring.
Jackie told me about her dream.
- Man. we got some creepy ass
shit going on here. don't we?
So exciting.
Boo.
- And you're gonna die.
- What?
- Come one. come on. come on.
Yes. come on. Tom Brady got this.
- Ali. put that away.
- Wait. wait. wait.
- Dude. we're here to camp.
- The game is almost done.
Chill. hold on. hold on.
- Ali. please. we're supposed to be here
camping and enjoying the good weather.
I mean. look at the beautiful scenery.
Do you see the lake?
Look how gorgeous it is.
- Isn't it gorgeous?
- Beautiful.
Yeah. it's very gorgeous. wow.
It's really amazing.
- Hey.
Seriously. come on.
- What. he got another.
Another score.
Which would you like to set?
- Could you just turn that off please.
- Okay. sorry.
- We're supposed to be out here to enjoy.
- I know. I know.
- The outdoors.
- I'm sorry.
- And have time unplugged.
- We'll enjoy it.
we'll watch the beautiful lake.
Look at it. it's gorgeous.
It reminds me of back home.
We'll enjoy this.
- Thank you.
- Beautiful view of the lake.
which we've seen back home
so many times. but yeah.
- Hey. guys. lunch is gonna
be ready in 15 minutes.
- Ah. lunch.
Barbecue. oh my favorite.
Should we go?
Lets go.
- Wow. that looks delicious.
- Very delicious.
Well ladies. please excuse me.
When nature calls. Ali answers.
- Ali. come on.
- Holy.
Hey. are you lost?
- Honey. are you okay?
- It's okay. it's okay.
I think she's probably just lost.
- Sweetie. look at her.
- Yeah.
- It looks like she's
been beaten or worse.
Hey there. do you wanna come out?
It's okay. you're safe.
we're not gonna hurt you.
Should we call the police?
- What are we gonna tell 'em?
They're gonna think we did this.
I mean just some girl we just
find 50 miles outta town.
like come on.
- Sweetie. we have to do something.
I don't know.
- What's going on guys. what's happening?
- We found a girl in the woods.
It's like she's lost or something.
- Wait. wait. I recognize this girl.
- What?
- Yeah.
- How?
- She's the missing girl
from the flyer we got.
- Are you sure?
- She is.
- Oh. what?
- Is that her?
- You know what?
I think so.
- That can't be.
- Hello.
- This is Jasmine.
I'm calling because I
think we found the girl
that is in the flyer. the missing girl.
We're at the Fairburn Campgrounds.
Okay.
Okay. yeah. we can wait here.
Are you Jackie?
- Yeah. I'm Jackie.
- Joel.
- My name is Ali.
- I'm Jasmine. this is my husband. Ali.
- Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you too.
- Joel.
- Jasmine.
Nice to meet you.
- Jasmine. you too.
- Where is she?
Can you take me to her?
- Yeah. she's over here. come on.
- Hey. are you hungry?
I just made some really good sandwiches.
Here. you should take a bite.
It's really good.
What's your name?
It's okay.
I'm your friend.
It's really good. you should try some.
- So she says she just showed up
outta the middle of nowhere.
- Dude. I swear. I was
out there taking a whiz
and she just comes outta nowhere.
I have no idea.
- 54.2 Miles outside of town.
Never a dull moment in my job.
- We were thinking about
calling the police.
but one of our friends
recognized who she was
and that's what led to you.
- No. no. no. no. you did the right thing.
you did the right thing.
- Lily.
where have you been?
Come over here.
- Oh.
hey Jackie.
What are you doing here?
- Lily. where have you been?
We've been searching for five days.
- Why?
What do you mean. why?
- I am 19. I should be able
to go off and do my own thing
without being babysat all the time.
- Oh my gosh.
Without calling or texting
or literally any kind of communication.
You just don't know how
dangerous this world can be yet.
Mom is worried sick.
- Yeah. Mom is always worried.
- Where is Cody?
Don't lie to me. Lily.
I know you've been seeing him.
Where is he?
- I don't know.
- You don't know?
Weren't you with him last Friday night?
- Yeah.
And then he went home.
- What are we gonna do?
- Just let her take a nap or something.
She's obviously a little shaken up.
Maybe you can try to
get the truth from her
later tonight. maybe.
- Hey.
- So what's the verdict?
- Well. it took her a
while to get it all out.
but she said that she
left with Cody and Alex
to go to dinner and then
she went to a concert
and then she went to grab a late dinner.
and then she stayed over at Cody's house.
Yeah. it took me a while to
pull that one out of her.
- Adventurous kid.
So what did she have to say
about where the rest of the gang was then?
- She doesn't remember.
- You know what?
I have an idea.
- Cheryl.
Cheryl. no.
Cheryl. Cheryl. no.
Listen to me. Cheryl.
Listen to me.
You are a strong. independent woman.
You will not take this sitting down.
Not you. not any time. not ever.
You listen to me.
You are a strong. independent woman.
You do not need to take any of this crap.
Let me hear you say it.
Cheryl. Cheryl. no.
I am strong. independent woman.
What's up bro?
- Broski. what's up man?
Oh.
- What's going on man?
- What's up bro?
1-800-HEALTH. please hold.
1-800-DEFENSE.
Please hold.
1-800-HEALTH.
All of our psychologists are
board certified and accredited.
I'll transfer you to one now.
1-800-HEALTH.
I need to talk
to somebody right now.
- Well. why don't you
describe to me in a few words.
what type of problems you're having?
- I'm off my meds and I'm
really starting to freak out
because I'm losing my mind. I can't.
I don't know the right from
left. I'm seeing things.
- What's going on. bro.
You want some beer. you want some pizza?
I came home the other day
and I kinda just felt like
I was a different person.
- You can keep the
pizza. I'll take a beer.
Totally changed.
Like sometimes I feel like
I'm a whole different.
like I'm just this dark thing inside me
and just starts coming out and
I don't even know who it is.
I'm a totally different person.
- So. what are you doing here. I mean?
- Ah. well. call center
sent me home a little bit earlier.
I work later on.
I don't think I'm gonna hang
onto this job longer anyway.
It sucks.
- Gotcha. gotcha.
I'm not gonna be able to do.
- Yeah. I definitely understand.
You. you're just gonna
leave her going like that?
Nobody seems to
care that I'm losing my mind.
- She'll be okay.
I completely forgot.
I got a call back 'cause
I left my keys in my car.
- Just hang on one sec.
1-800-HEALTH.
Yes. I'd like to
schedule an appointment.
- Well. let's set up an
appointment for you. Susan.
Let's just get the rest
of your information down.
Okay.
Susan Roberts.
Oh.
Sorry. Susan looks like
we can't make an appointment
for you right now.
You can't make an appointment?
Why can't you make an appointment?
- Well. it appears that
your account is past due.
And unfortunately we can't
make any more appointments for you
until you catch up on your bill.
My bill is not past due.
I've never paid a late
bill in my entire life.
I can not believe anyone
would ever accuse me.
- All right. so what's going on?
- Well.
In fact. I called
up last week to try to change.
- Remember that favor
that you said you owed me
from a while back?
I dunno if that request was.
- I knew you were gonna be
calling for that sooner or later.
- Well. you know. I've
been seeing Jackie and.
you know. a lot of stuff's been going on.
so I really could use your help.
I really need a big favor from you.
- Hey. as long as it
isn't something illegal.
immoral or unethical.
I'm your man.
It's just typical
of the customer service nowadays.
Is it even possible to
get good customer service?
I don't even know anymore.
I don't even think this is
right. you treat people.
- Oh shit. turns out I've
actually done all three of those.
Just call me on the line
and dangle this little
carrot in front of my face.
like I'm not paying my
bill when I totally am.
- Hold on.
Susan. absolutely. I
completely agree with you.
My husband left me recently.
- Your husband left you?
That is terrible.
I can't.
I can't imagine what type of
pain you must be going through.
He left me the other day.
and he left Ralphie.
- Ah. that's just awful. terrible.
Susan. that is just terrible.
And I feel
like. I have the right.
- Yes. yes. Ma'am.
To chose my own dishwasher.
- Yes. Ma'am.
- A woman has the right
to choose.
- Yes. Ma'am.
It doesn't matter.
- Yes. Ma'am. I completely agree
with a woman's right to choose.
Exactly. thank you.
I have the right as well
to be my own person.
- Absolutely. Ma'am.
I completely agree with a
woman's right to choose.
I'm frankly
tired of the patriarchy
this chauvinistic undermining of woman.
- Oh. absolutely.
Thank you.
Now are you gonna make appointment for me?
- Nope.
- Hey. to your job. man.
- This never stops.
1-800-HEALTH.
I have an
issue with my boyfriend.
- Why don't you explain to me
you what's going on. Ma'am.
- I'm in love with him but
he doesn't appreciate me.
- Dude. I gotta talk
to you about something.
Takes from me
and he takes from me.
- What's going on?
- Well. Britney split.
I'm pretty sure she's gone this time.
- Oh dude.
I cook. I clean.
- I think she really means it this time.
- Ah. she always means it.
- No. no dude.
Like. she is for real. for real.
She doesn't even wanna talk
about talking about it.
And he doesn't
care. he continues to.
You okay?
And he doesn't give me anything.
- No.
And a bunch of
hate and a bunch of abuse.
And I just don't know what to do
because I really. really.
- Stacy.
Stacy. I completely understand
where you're coming from.
This is parasitic people
that we are talking about.
We were talking about
dealing with parasites
that just suck the life outta you.
It is parasitic.
He does do that to me.
He's a parasite. you're right.
- So what did you need. Bro?
- So.
I can't believe it.
- Jackie's sister ran away.
but now she's back and she's.
it's hard to really say.
something is just different about her.
- She kinda go a little freak out?
And I give him so much.
- Yeah. you could say that.
Is that why he treats me so bad.
- She gave us a song and dance story
about how she went to the
theater with a bunch of friends.
And I have a hunch that.
that may not be the case.
So I know you have that
job down at the theater.
I was just wanting to know
if there's any possible way
you could get us some of
the security camera footage?
I cook so much for him.
I clean so much for him.
I do everything.
- Man.
you know. I can't be
getting no video footage.
- I know. Bro.
But I mean. it's just.
we don't know what else to do.
And it's.
I know it's asking a lot.
Is there any way you can
get any of it at all?
- They could have my ass.
Stacy. Stacy. I completely agree with you.
Absolutely.
You know what I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna transfer you over
to one of our relationship
and commitment therapists.
Dr. Fredericks.
- Ma'am. you're betting a losing hand.
This is classic case throwing
good money after bad.
Okay.
- It's just not worth it. it's trouble.
Get out while you can.
Thank you. Doctor.
- Absolutely.
You're crazy.
- You know. I could get in
some serious trouble for this.
Yeah. I know.
- Well. meet me at the theater later.
Thanks. Bro.
- How are you and Jackie?
- We're doing good. we're doing good.
We just. we need to get past
this mysterious stage in our relationship.
- Yeah.
Tell that to Britney.
- I'm sorry man.
- Don't be.
It's my own situation.
I'll deal with it.
My way.
- Thanks for the beer.
- Love you. Bro.
Oh.
- Catch you on flip side. brother.
- See you tonight.
- Yes. I would love to hear
about what's going on with your life.
Why don't you tell me all
about all of your problems.
- So you remember when you told
me that Lily went to dinner
and a movie with her friends. right?
- Yeah.
What's wrong?
- Well. I have a friend who does security
at the movie theater
and let's just say there's
some loopholes in her story.
- Like what?
- Where is everybody else?
- There is. is no one else.
All these shots.
- Oh my God.
- She's alone in every one of them.
She enters the restaurant alone.
she exits the restaurant alone.
Don't. don't. don't. don't.
Let's not disturb Lily
anymore than we have to.
- But I have an idea.
- All right. what?
- We had a camera installed in her room.
- You what?
- We had it installed the second
time she tried to run away.
not in the bathroom or anything weird.
but just to make sure she didn't
have anybody over that she shouldn't over.
or was Skyping somebody that she shouldn't
or doing something that she shouldn't or.
- Right. right. right. I get the picture.
What are you getting at though?
- Well. since we couldn't get
answers from her voluntarily.
maybe we could watch the footage
and get answers from her involuntarily.
- But still. I mean. even so.
we'd have to watch the
footage from tonight.
tomorrow though. right?
- No. I can livestream it.
- This is gonna be a long night.
Well. I guess I better
go make some coffee.
- Thank you.
Here you go. babe.
- Yeah.
Don't get too excited. Jackie.
chances are we won't see a thing.
Yes.
She's sleeping.
I've seen paint dry. that's
more exciting than this.
Oh. she's tossing and turning.
Jackie. we got action.
Okay.
She must have passed
gas pretty hard there.
- I'm getting kinda worried.
She's been in there 45 minutes.
- Hold on. I think I'll see something.
- Oh my gosh.
What do we do?
- Let's not panic. let's not panic.
What just happened?
- Joel. I wanna get outta here.
- Hold on one second. okay.
We don't know exactly
what's going on here.
- We gotta go. come on.
We have to go.
Start the car.
- Okay.
- Start the car.
Okay.
Come on. we have to go.
- All right. okay.
- I mean. where are we gonna go?
- I don't know. anywhere but here.
- All right. all right.
Oh my God.
- Did you see what I saw?
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. I did.
- I am so freaked out right now.
Something is obviously wrong with her.
- Her face contorted in such a way
that it looked like.
- Like what?
- Like she was dead.
Like you said the other day.
Holy.
Who was that?
- Okay. okay. I'm done. I'm done.
No more of this. I've had had enough.
No ghosts. nobody I can see through.
I didn't sign up for this.
- Who was that?
- I couldn't tell.
It all happened so quickly. I.
I don't know. I didn't
get a good look at him.
I didn't recognize him.
Did you?
- I. no. I didn't.
but I think I actually
managed to get a picture.
- Well done. sweetheart.
Good work.
All right. we're gonna need that.
Let's just drive into town
and get something to eat. I guess.
- Lily. where have you been?
People have been looking
everywhere for you?
- I've been away.
But now I am back.
- Lily. your sister and
her boyfriend were here.
They said you were here with Alex.
but you never.
- Are you sure about that?
- Jackie.
We got action.
- So what did you find?
- As usual. more good news.
Check this out.
So I tried to think about how
I was ever gonna find this guy.
I don't know who he is. I
certainly don't know his name.
But with all of the interesting
things going on with Lily.
as you can imagine. I figured
this guy must be connected.
Bingo. there he is right there.
This guy right here.
this is the guy that we saw last night.
In the flesh or not so much.
Check this out.
This guy was into some
really freaky stuff.
Satan worshiping. calling out the dead.
seances. you name it.
I'm assuming he must have been
one weird kid in high school.
- Yeah.
- He was thrown out a foster
home after foster home
until he was finally released.
which means basically
he was just kicked out on his ass at 18.
Since then. nobody's
heard anything from him.
- That's funny.
When Angela mentioned
there were four missing
teenagers. including Lily.
She mentioned.
- Everybody except him.
Regardless of however much
bull there is to Lily's story.
this much was at least true.
She mentioned five friends.
including this Peter guy.
- Nobody knows who he is?
- Looks that way.
I can't find anything else on him.
- I don't get it though.
what connection does Lily
have with this Peter kid?
- I don't know. but that's
what we're gonna find out.
- Coke. Joel.
- Thanks Chels.
- So. I heard you found Lily.
- Yeah. yeah. she was
out with some friends.
- So I hear.
And I was mistaken. her and I
were here last Friday night.
- Wait. we thought you
something weren't here?
- We did.
- We?
We?
- Hey.
Come on in.
- This is Joel.
Joel. this is my sister. Casey.
- Casey. nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you.
Lily's not well.
- I know.
- What's wrong with my sister?
- Well. hopefully that's
what we're gonna find out.
I have some special qualifications
and I'd like to have a conversation
with the Lily if I could.
- Okay.
This way.
- You better stay here.
- Okay.
- I guess we were thinking
that maybe if I had a
conversation with her.
I could figure out what's
going on inside her mind.
It's worth a try. I guess.
Her room's right up here.
- Hi Lily.
You remember me. right.
Joel. Jackie's friend?
- You know Jackie. right Lily?
- We'd like to.
I would like to talk to you for
a couple minutes if I could.
Well. first things first.
we'd like to talk to you
about your friend. Peter.
You'd like to talk about him?
We need to go.
- What?
What's happening?
- All right. look. obviously
she's still in shock
from some kind of traumatic experience
that must have happened to her.
When she comes to. we'll
have a little bit better idea
of what's.
- Don't me bullshit me. I need to know.
- We'll be in touch. all right. I promise.
- Babe. what is wrong?
- Whatever's wrong with that
girl is no little thing.
I know psychotics when I see
them. I know the crazies.
I know 'em when I see 'em
and trust me this girl's
got a whole new level of bad wiring.
- Joel. you're scaring me.
- Whatever's wrong with her
is beyond the scope of
my area of expertise.
Maybe even beyond the scope
of medical science in general.
I got a funny feeling.
I think we're gonna need
an outside opinion on this.
Father Dave. Joel. nice to meet you.
- Pleasure to meet you.
- Come on in.
- Thank you.
- Well. we really appreciate
you coming to see us
on such short notice. Father Dave.
I guess you could say
we're kind of desperate.
- It's my pleasure.
It's all part of the
services that I offer.
What can I do for you two lovely people?
- Well. we think there's
something very seriously wrong
with Jackie's sister.
We think she might be.
how can I put this. a ghost.
See. she hasn't been the
same since we found her.
And you know. she's not
acting like a rape victim
or any kind of. you know. in
shock or anything like that.
And she's not giving off any symptoms
that I can notice from my line of work.
She's been acting kind of. I don't know.
- She's acting sadistic.
- Yeah.
- Sadistic?
Well. if she was a spirit.
then she wouldn't be in her physical body.
which means that you
wouldn't be able to see her
or touch her. most certainly
not be able to touch her.
- Well. he was thinking
that there might be another possibility.
- Okay.
- That she might be
possessed by a demon or something.
- That's what I was thinking.
That's the only other
option I can think of.
She's not really convinced at this point.
I guess that's why we needed
in an outside opinion.
- Well. is there a history of demonic play
of any spiritual interactions
or anything like that.
that you know of. or you know of.
- Not her. but we did find out
that one of our friends is kind
of into that sort of thing.
- He's into some crazy stuff.
So I guess what we're
just kind of wondering.
is Lily's involvement
with him. with this kid.
going to affect her in any way.
- Gotcha.
Well. from what I
understand about possession
in my limited experience.
demonic possession can happen
when there's a door that's opened up
for demonic interference.
And the door has to be open
for a demonic interaction to occur.
Once that happens and the
interaction does occur.
the Bible warns us about this.
Christ warns us about demonic possession.
People of faith. we believe that the Lord
protects us from that.
And that is true. we
are protected by that.
But the one thing that the God
does not protect us from is free will.
And we're warned about this in the Bible.
We're also warned that if we do
meddle with these types of spirits
and these types of activities.
we're warned that if we do this.
that we will run into spirits
that are way beyond our comprehension
and way beyond our strength.
- Okay.
Well. one thing that I
think we can be certain of.
at this point. is what we
did see the other night
is a ghost.
I mean. we drove right through this kid.
I mean. I admit it was
a short interaction.
but it was long enough for
us to recognize who it was.
And I'm just gonna throw this out there.
I think that we are
probably not going to find
any of Lily's friends.
alive. at least.
And that's. I think at this point.
it's safe to say. as tragic
and as unfortunate as it is.
that's probably going to be the case.
So I guess what we're
wondering at this point is
if Lily is here with us physically.
why are all her other friends.
including this other kid. not.
- I don't know the answer
to that question right now.
I can't answer that at the I'm sorry.
- Okay.
That's okay.
Okay.
Let's just say for arguments sake.
that Lily is possessed by some form
of entity or spirit or
demon let's call it.
is the obvious answer
for this an exorcism?
I mean. is that the route to go?
- Well. yes. it's an
option. but it's risky.
Exorcisms are not like
what you see in the movies.
It's not a big spectacle
with this big fanatic to do
with this dramatic ending.
It's not like we take a possessed person.
we tie 'em to a chair and then
try to get through
three pages of scripture
before they break free and
cause havoc on the world.
That's not it. that's
Hollywood unfortunately.
As a matter of fact. for
the limited experience
that I have in exorcisms half
the time they don't work.
And again. I've never actually
done an exorcism myself.
- Well. what are the factors involved?
- There's only one factor and
that's Jesus Christ himself.
Christ almighty is the only person
that can cast out a
demon. we can't do that.
Only Jesus has the power to
exercise a demon. not us.
It's up to his divine will when and where
an exorcism actually occurs.
It's up to his divine will.
if a demon is cast out
or if a demon is not cast out.
Christ decides when and where
an exorcism take takes place. not us.
It's his divine will that decides
when an exorcism takes place
and who it takes place on
and how it takes place.
It's not up to us.
If an exorcism takes place.
it's because Christ willed it. not us.
It's his divine will.
- Okay.
- So you're saying that if
we were to do an exorcism.
it might not even work.
- Yes.
But I can tell you with all certainty
that he would want you to
do everything in your power
to try to save your sister.
That's the right thing.
- And we will.
Father Dave. are you the one to help us?
- Again. I've never
done an exorcism before.
But I'm willing to try.
- Father Dave.
- Yes.
- If we were
to do the exorcism. is there
any way that it could harm us?
- No.
No. absolutely not.
Those of us that have our faith in Christ
are free and clear
from any kind of demonic
interaction outside.
We are not threatened by outside forces.
demonic forces. anything like that.
We're impervious to those
types of interferences.
And we are both believers. correct?
- Absolutely.
Yes. yes.
- Yes. yes we are.
- Great.
That's great.
- I can't believe this is happening to us.
- I know.
Well. when all this is over.
just make sure that your sister
doesn't have any more
involvement with that kid.
- I'm just so scared.
- It's okay.
Everything's gonna be okay.
I can feel it. right here.
Everything's gonna be all right.
You'll see.
- I've heard horror
stories about possessions.
- Yeah. but just remember
what father Dave said.
It's not like what you see in the movies.
And he is a credible
source. he knows his stuff.
Just have a little faith.
And don't worry. I'll be here
for you every up the way.
you know that.
- Joel.
- Yeah?
- How come you've never
been to church with me?
We've been together for over a year
and my church friends
still haven't met you.
- I guess it just hasn't been
the right time. you know.
But who knows. maybe now is the time.
- I thought we agreed we were gonna wait.
I think I'm going to go
over to Mom's tonight.
I don't think that she should be alone.
- Well. I mean. that's fine. I understand.
But I don't think we should
be alone tonight either. you know.
- I'll be fine.
- Oh.
Where have you been?
Everybody's been looking
everywhere for you.
- I'm fine.
- Well. where have you been?
- Places.
- Fine.
I get it.
You don't have to tell me.
it's none of my business.
what you and that girl
have been up to. whatever.
I was gonna make a frozen
pizza for us for dinner.
Will we grab it?
- Thanks.
- You know.
- Come on Cody.
It's fine.
I mean. it's okay.
Like I love you and we
can get through anything.
It's okay.
Cody. can you just stop?
Come on. I'm your sister. I love you.
Okay. can you just like stop?
I love you.
Can you just like stop moving?
I'm serious.
I don't want any.
I'm not kidding.
Wait. can you stop moving.
You're really starting to freak me out.
You're not gonna hurt me. are you?
- No.
Okay.
- Hello?
Hello?
God.
Liz. how'd you get in here?
Where have you been?
We've all been looking for you.
Have you seen my sister?
- Yes. I have.
We're very happy together.
I've come back for you.
What are you talking about?
Liz. you're freaking me out.
- I've come.
- What are you talking about?
I've come back so you can join us.
- Okay. you're freaking out.
Just. are you gonna just
stand there and be all freaky.
like an idiot. or are
you gonna come over here
and tell me what's going on?
Liz. Liz. what's happened to you?
Liz. what are you doing?
- Ava.
Ava.
Shh.
My God. what are you doing here?
Ava texted me too.
Ava.
- Ava.
- You.
- Ava. you're okay.
- You did this.
- No.
- You lied to me.
Making it all about my brother.
and your sister.
This is all your fault.
- Ava. what are you talking about?
I have no idea what you're talking about.
- Ava. that's far enough.
Drop the knife.
- She has to die.
- Nobody's dead yet.
Let's keep it that way.
Drop the knife.
- You think no. one's dead yet?
- You have no idea what's going on.
If I were you. I'd run far. far away.
- Yeah. from who?
- Her.
- Hold it.
Call Pastor Dave.
- I'm on it.
Take it easy now.
- Hello.
- Jackie. do not come home.
Stay as far away as possible.
I'll let you know if anything changes.
- Hello.
Hello. are you there?
Step on it.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
We don't know exactly
what's going on here.
Maybe we should just wait
for Father Dave to show up. I mean.
- I wanna see if Mom is okay.
- Okay. okay.
- Mom.
- Hey. hey.
Okay. Pastor Dave says he'll
be here in about 15 minutes.
Maybe we should wait for him to get here.
- I told you I have to
make sure that Mom's okay.
- That's right. okay. go ahead. go ahead.
Mom.
- Mrs. Deckert.
it's Joel Townsend.
Hello. Mrs. Deckert.
- Mom. Mom are you down here?
Joel. I can't find Mom.
- Hey. all right. guys.
Let's get this over with.
Where's the girl?
- We don't know.
We can't find her. but we
did find something else.
Look.
- Oh my.
Unbelievable.
- Can you read this?
- Yes I can.
Yes I can.
- Great.
What does it say?
Joel.
Jackie.
What have you done?
- Listen to me. this house
is under demonic possession.
- What. what. why. what.
you can fix this. right?
- I don't know.
I don't know.
- There has to be something we can do.
Like maybe if we found the door that.
that Peter Guy opened and close it.
There's there has to be something.
- This isn't about Peter and
this isn't about your sister.
This is about you.
- Me. what?
- Peter and your sister
were just a distraction.
a means to the end.
This is about you.
I don't understand.
- Jackie. Jackie. you are a
woman after God's own heart.
pure in heart. pure in mind and in soul.
Jackie. I don't know why God
is making you go through this torment.
this trial. but he is.
I will be with you every
step of the way. Jackie.
but you can't do this alone.
Do you hear me?
You can't do by yourself. Jackie.
- Why have you done this to Joel?
- Because you're not safe with him.
Why do you say that?
- I think you know why.
- Lily.
- All right. guys. I'm excited
to finally tell you all
why I brought you here tonight.
- Candles and dark
colored water. a seance?
- Yeah. this is great.
This is exactly what I wanted. okay.
To bring back demons so
that they can kill us.
This is great.
- Dude. you're afraid of
everything. just chill.
This is stupid. this is dumb.
Stop bringing me to these things.
I don't want to be here. stop.
- Oh for crying out loud.
you're gonna wear a
hole through the floor.
- Ooh. is that how he's
gonna die. like fall through
and then we bring him back to life?
- That's not how this works.
- Oh. then he's over.
- You don't kill the people you're with.
you find somebody who's already been dead.
You bring back somebody
who's already dead. dingbat.
Ooh. so like Michael Jackson.
Oh my God.
Hee. hee.
Ooh. Paul Walker.
He was really pretty.
Hey. at least
it smells nice in here.
- If you like to smell dead fruit?
This is gonna be the adventure
I've been waiting for.
- Oh yeah. until they call back Satan.
Oh. we're not
gonna call back Satan.
We're call back somebody better than that.
- It's a seance. we may as
well call back somebody good.
- Yeah.
- Oh my gosh.
- Ooh. we can bring back somebody cool.
Like Rosa Parks or.
Whitney Houston.
What are we
gonna do. have a concert?
Yeah. she'll serenade us.
Hee. hee.
Ooh. Paul
Walker. he was really pretty.
- Isn't he a little messed up?
Well. he's dead.
So yeah. probably.
Doesn't matter
who you bring back.
when you bring 'em back.
then they're gonna turn into a demon freak
and they're still gonna kill you.
- They're not a demon. they're a ghost.
"Thriller" was just a music video.
- So the big surprise is.
I have the capability to bring
a very close friend of mine
back from the realms of the
other side. so to speak.
Let's just call him. Napoleon.
Like Bonaparte?
- No. Dynamite. like the movie.
Napoleon Dynamite?
- I could go with that.
- At least you can bring back
some Tater tots. you know.
I'm getting hungry now.
- Do you know you fat ward?
- I'm not a lama.
- This is great.
This is exactly what I
wanted to be dragged here
and forced to do this evil. demonic thing.
where we can bring back
demons so that we can die.
This is great.
A little tea party.
with all petit fours and
those dainty little cups.
- Can we just get on with it. okay?
It doesn't sound like you guys
are taking this seriously. okay.
We could actually be hurt or worse.
Cody. no one's
gonna die. it's fine.
- Probably.
- Dude. I've done this
a million times before.
I know what I'm doing.
Just chill out.
- You realize this is not a party.
Just bring some petit fours. and hot tea.
- Yes. this isn't a game.
This is like. does anybody not understand
the full concept of what this is?
This is dangerous stuff.
I don't understand what you
keep bringing me into this.
It's okay. Cody bear.
- For crying out loud.
would you just stand still
for like 30 seconds.
or even half a second. I
don't even care at this point.
- I'm thinking.
- Really?
Does your brain work that well?
- No.
- So when do we start?
- Right now.
Who's with me?
I'm in.
- I think you already
know the answer to that.
- I'm down.
I'm in.
- I don't have anything better to do.
- I'm game.
- Sure. let's all just die together.
Group suicide. woo.
Sure. let's die together.
- So exciting.
What?
- Jackie.
Jackie.
- Joel.
Joel.
Mom. Mom.
Oh my God. Mom. are you okay?
Oh my God.
Oh my God. Mom. wake up.
No. Mom.
Oh my God.
- I got her boxed in.
Now. Dave. now.
- In the name of the Father and of the Son
and the Holy Spirit.
Father. I asked for your
mercy and your blessing.
I asked for your mercy. Father. Lord.
I asked for your mercy.
No.
Protect this house.
If it's your will.
if it's your will Father.
let this house and this girl be free
from this demonic force. Father.
In the name of the Father and of the Son
and of the Holy Spirit.
that you free this woman in this house
from this demonic force. Father.
That you free this woman in this house
In the name of the Father and of the Son
and of the Holy Spirit.
We ask that you take this demon
and condemn it back to hell.
That you free this woman in this house
from this demonic force. Father.
Protect this house and this woman.
Amen. amen. amen.
- Lily. Lily.
Lily. wake up.
Wake up. Lily.
Oh my gosh. are you okay?
Oh my gosh.
- Jackie.
- Oh my gosh. Lily.
Jackie.
- Oh my gosh.
Everything's fine.
Oh my gosh.
What happened?
- Everything's fine. it's okay.
Okay.
I'm sorry. everything's fine.
- Amen.
Amen.
- So. you don't think Lily
will get the death penalty. do you?
- I don't know.
I certainly don't think the jury
is gonna believe. "The
devil made me do it."
Even with Father Dave's testimony.
I really don't think it's gonna be enough
to convince the jury that she
didn't kill those four kids.
I mean. maybe we can
just make them believe
that she didn't do it intentionally.
There's no other way to
explain their deaths.
I just think the best thing
that we just go for is.
just go for the insanity
plea and hope that it sticks.
- How likely do you think that'll work?
- Miss. Deckert.
Yes.
- Detective Reinhardt.
I'd like to ask you a couple of questions.
if you don't mind.
- Yeah.
- Right this way.
- Of course. of course.
We'll be a few more minutes. Sir.
Relax.
- It's okay.
- Thank you.
Please take a seat.
Officer Austin. can I
get the folder please?
- There you are. Sir.
- Thank you.
Excuse me.
Miss. Deckert. I would
like to hear your version
of what happened. what this
Mr. David Miller said to you?
- Well. Father Dave is
a priest at my church
and he said that there are
demonic forces that are after me.
and my sister was possessed by a demon.
And that thankfully
Father Dave was able to
drive away and.
What's gonna happen to my sister?
- That's the problem.
Ma'am. we don't know.
According to the statements given
by Mr. Miller and your fiance.
You said that your mother
was found dead in your living room?
- Yeah.
- Correct?
We never found a body.
See. me and my men. we went in
there. the place was cleaned.
- Now it also states in the report
that there were crayon writings
all over the walls and.
- Yeah.
- We never found any of them.
- I mean. they were there.
where you at the right house?
They were there.
- Yes. Ma'am. we were.
Now as far as the other kids.
it's referring to Peter
Stevenson. Cody James.
Alexandra Carrell and Elizabeth Duncan.
correct?
- Yes.
My sister killed them.
but she was under the
influence of demonic forces.
I know you can't take my word for it.
but there has to be something in that file
that says that she didn't do anything.
- Ma'am.
- That she was
under the influence of.
- Ma'am.
Ma'am. what I'm trying to tell you is that
there's nothing in here
that shows that your sister killed anyone.
There's no evidence in here
Now we have three missing
kids. Peter. Cody and Alex.
they've been missing for two weeks.
Now we don't know if
they're dead or alive.
but this morning we got a
call from Boulder. Colorado.
from someone who swears they saw someone
that fits the exact
description of Peter Stevenson.
We're just waiting for confirmation
about his identity right now.
And as far as Elizabeth.
she is at her house right now
with your own mother alive.
- That's not possible.
- I don't know what to tell you. Ma'am
Look. you have no history
of psychotic behavior.
nor does your fiance.
who I believe works at
the Sheriff's Department.
Neither does Mr. Miller.
I believe you just had
some traumatic experience
that you're not willing to share with us.
Therefore. I'm gonna suggest a therapist.
Please give him a call.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Show you out.
Officer Austin. please show her out.
Thank you.
- Squeaky chair.
Spirits. demons.
It's very hard to believe.
Well.
I gotta find out.
- I really wish it didn't
have to be this way.
but I think with you being
gone for a little while.
this whole thing might
be over pretty quickly.
This whole thing may work
itself out pretty quickly.
- I hope so.
- Yeah.
- You will call me if you hear
from any of the missing people. right?
- You bet.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Come here.
- We should get going.
I think we should get going.
- Yeah.
- Bye Father Dave.
- Bye.
- You drive.
- God help her.
She says your child. not mine.
Not mine.
- You okay?
- I don't think I'll ever be okay again.
- Yeah. I understand.
You know. it's funny though.
- What?
- I don't know. it just
seemed very coincidental.
I mean. almost very nicely set up.
almost too good to be true.
like Father Dave just happened
to know that old language.
what was it?
Hebrew or whatever.
from the old biblical times or something.
I mean. he just happened
to know that language.
And then the message.
something about the chosen one
being the target or something.
I mean. talking about
how cliche that sounds.
I mean. I don't know.
it just sounded a little
too good to be true.
almost like he was setting
us up or something.
I don't know.
Maybe it's just me. I don't know.
- Well. I completely understand. you know.
your concern under the circumstances.
but priests do have to learn Hebrew.
so. you know. there's
nothing weird about that.
And trust me. Father Dave is the only one
we can trust right now. I promise.
Well. hope you're right.
- Unbelievable.
- Can you read this?
- Yes I can.
Yes I can.
- Great.
What does it say?
- Joel.
Yeah.
- How did you know what the
message said on the wall?
Father Dave never told us.
Joel.